Dear MongoDB,

I am an undergraduate senior at Stony Brook University, double majoring in both Computer Science and Applied Mathematics. I'm planning to go to graduate school next year.

I've currently finished all of my courses for my Computer Science, a course on data structures, an honors algorithms analysis course, a databases course, and several courses on software design. The capstone course, CSE308, was a software design course, and my project focused on building a web-app that allowed users to create and share comics with each other. Me and my team of four people used MongoDB for our project, along with other web technologies such as React and Spring. I am proficient in several languages, including Python, Javascript, C++, and Java. 

I've worked on several software engineering projects, but perhaps one of the most relevant ones I could talk about is my "Lab in a Cube" project, which served as my Honors CS senior project. The lab in a cube project is a collaboration between the biomedical engineering and computer science departments at Stony Brook university, with Professor Richard McKenna and Professor Mei Lin Ete Chan as the principal investigators. This project has been funded over $40,000 with the goal of creating virtual labortory environments for students in different disciplines, including biomedical engineering. I was given the task of designing a system that would let non-computer science professors create interactive labortory simulations without any programming knowledge. 

Since then, the project has grown. I am now leading a team of nine people, including seven programmers, to continue this project. Currently, we are planning to use MongoDB to store all of our data on the backend. MondoDB's schemaless architecture is a perfect fit for our project, as it gives us enough flexibility to change our project's design as we need to.

I want to intern at MongoDB because I'd like to become a better developer while working on an impactful project that matters. The intern mentorship program also sounds very appealing, as I've had good experiences with that in the past. In my previous internships I've learned a lot from my mentors, a lot of which was transferrable to other projects I've worked on since. I hope you'll consider me for your 2019 summer internship!

Thank you,
Ryan Burgert